A disciplined mind brings happiness."
"Give, even if you only have a little."
"Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth."
"Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good."
"May all beings have happy minds."
"Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!"
"Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure."
"Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal."
"Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things."
"One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble."
"If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across?"
"All conditioned things are impermanent—when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering."
"Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes."
"They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed."
"The root of suffering is attachment."
"Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas."
"All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill."
"There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires."
"Meditate ... do not delay, lest you later regret it."
"Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Suffering follows an evil thought as the wheels of a cart follow the oxen that draw it. Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Joy follow a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves."
"If you meditate earnestly, pure in mind and kind in deeds, leading a disciplined life in harmony with the dharma, you will grow in glory. If you meditate earnestly, through spiritual disciplines you can make an island for yourself that no flood can overwhelm."
"One who conquers himself is greater than another who conquers a thousand times a thousand men on the battlefield. Be victorious over yourself and not over others."
"Your own self is your master; who else could be? With yourself well controlled, you gain a master very hard to find."
"It seems that although we thought ourselves permanent, we are not. Although we thought ourselves settled, we are not. Although we thought we would last forever, we will not."
"Don’t run after pleasure and neglect the practice of meditation. If you forget the goal of life and get caught in the pleasures of the world, you will come to envy those who put meditation first."
"Conquer anger through gentleness, unkindness through kindness, greed through generosity, and falsehood by truth."
"Train your eyes and ears; train your nose and tongue. The senses are good friends when they are trained. Train your body in deeds, train your tongue in words, train your mind in thoughts. This training will take you beyond sorrow."
"All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?"
 "It is easy to see the faults of others, but difficult to see one’s own faults. One shows the faults of others like chaff winnowed in the wind, but one conceals one’s own faults as a cunning gambler conceals his dice."
"What we think, we become."
"Silence the angry man with love. Silence the ill-natured man with kindness. Silence the miser with generosity. Silence the liar with truth."
"Health is the best gift, contentment the best wealth, trust the best kinsman, nirvana the greatest joy. Drink the nectar of the dharma in the depths of meditation, and become free from fear and sin."
"Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded."
"One moment can change a day, one day can change a life, and one life can change the world."
"The way to happiness is: keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry. Live simply, give much. Fill your life with love. Do as you would be done by."
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth."
"What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind."
"No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path."
"A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again. But if he is peaceful, loving, and fearless, then he is in truth called wise."
"Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is in relation to everything else."
"He who sits alone, sleeps alone, and walks alone, who is strenuous and subdues himself alone, will find delight in the solitude of the forest.
"The tongue like a sharp knife. It kills without drawing blood."
"Life is so very hard. How can we be anything but kind?"
"Nothing is forever except change."